# SAP ABAP RESTful Application Programming Model journey

Focus of this repo is to register topics and achieved milestones on self learning activities:

* a short description of each feature
* register open questions along the way 
* register the defined goals and milestones

> [!TIP]  
> This repo is inspired in the book SAP ABAP Objects from Rehan Zaidi

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> code published in this repo was generated by Gabriel Gomez and is covered by the Apache License 2.0.

---
<br/>

## :wrench: How To... Build

### For ABAP Platform Cloud
Choose this if you are working on SAP BTP or SAP S/4HANA Cloud, public edition. 


### For ABAP Platform
Choose this if you are working on SAP S/4HANA, on-premise edition or SAP S/4HANA Cloud, private edition.

To import the feature showcase app into your ABAP system, follow the steps in the relevant README file and download the sources from the branch corresponding to your backend version: 

### SAP BTP ABAP Environment Trial

If you don’t have a system available, you could also try it out in the SAP BTP ABAP Environment Trial systems. Check out this [tutorial](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/abap-environment-trial-onboarding.html) on how to get a trial user.

<br/>

## :book: How To... Use the Guide

The Updated Guide is divided into 6 sections. You can peruse it on your own without refering to the app, based on what you want to implement.

For searching via the search term from the App, there are 2 ways:

### If you have a user in GitHub

...when you see a feature that you would like to implement, copy or take note of the search term (e.g., **#SearchTermExample**) and perform a search in the Repository. Clicking on a result brings you to the markdown code of the respective Guide, so just click on the Preview and search for the term again.

### If you *don't* have a user in GitHub

Alternatively, you can search for an annotation in the Guide/Wiki, get the search term, and use it to locate the UI feature in the app. If the annotation cannot be found, it could simply mean that it is not showcased in the current release.

<br/>

## :telephone_receiver: How To... Obtain Support
This project is provided "as-is": there is no guarantee that raised issues will be answered or addressed in future releases. However we do welcome your comments or reports, so please use the Issues feature to report them.

<br/>

## :memo: License
This project is licensed under the License except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE](/LICENSES/Apache-2.0.txt) file.